# APFS Assembly Process Qualification Data

The process equipment and components (e.g. device subassemblies, labeling, and packaging components) used in the process qualification are representative of the commercial process and accessorized prefilled syringe configuration design.  The process qualification included six (6) non-commercial runs of APFS units.
Each run was subjected to a sampling and quality inspection based on visual attributes; with an acceptance sampling plan of zero defects on N299 samples per lot.  Test results are presented in Table 1.

Table .  Process Qualification Summary
a Inspected drug product (IDP) lot numbers assigned to source drug product after inspection.  Lot 0010496467 corresponds to drug product lot 0010494990, lot number 0010496464 corresponds to drug product lot 0010494983, and lot number 0010496461 corresponds to drug product lot 0010494965.
b Four (4) units were segregated during quality inspection for attributes.  One (1) unit with improper needle guard insertion was confirmed as a defect while three (3) units segregated due to misalignment /crooked label were confirmed as no defect after further evaluation.

Three (3) initial runs of APFS (assembly lots 1118595, 1118597, and 1118598) were completed using Product A 110 mg/mL PFS-SA from drug product process validation lots produced at AML (3.2.P.3.5, Formulation to Filling Process Validation [110 mg/mL APFS]).  Four (4) defects were found during the visual inspection performed as part of attributes sampling plan for Run 3, assembly Lot 1118598.  One (1) unit was found with improper needle guard insertion, which is considered a Major A defect.  The identification of defected unit at final attributes inspection did not comply with the acceptance criteria of zero (0) defects.  A root cause investigation for the failure confirmed the causal factors:  1) process tasks distribution among operators, 2) inadequate number of operators assigned to process tasks, and 3) operators training qualification.  Corrective actions were implemented to address these factors and three (3) additional consecutive Process Qualification runs (4, 5, and 6 from Table 1) were completed to confirm the effectiveness of the implemented corrective actions.  Process equipment, process flow sequence of manufacturing steps, device components, and packaging configuration components were not identified as causal factors and were maintained the same for all six (6) runs presented in Table 1.
The only difference in the three additional runs is that instead of Product A 110 mg/mL PFS-SA, runs 4 and 6 used placebo and 1.91 mL water for injection prefilled syringes, respectively.  Acceptance criteria established was based on visual attributes inspection of the APFS assembled units, content of the prefilled syringes was not evaluated as part of the qualification runs; therefore, use of placebo filled units and water for injection filled units was considered suitable for Qualification execution.  All units used were commercially representative in terms of filled volume (1.91 mL), prefilled syringe subassembly components, and accessorized prefilled syringe device components.